
POWER RANKINGS

==== Champions ====

1. Jacob
    Nothing so far would suggest that Cookie Wookies should get moved out of the top spot after the first 2 weeks. For a second there it looked
    like Caleb Williams could be dealing with a bad injury, which may have exposed this team's only real depth weakness, but now it looks like he
    will be back within the next couple of weeks. For the time being, Jacob can move Matthew Stafford (who had a big bounce-back week) to the QB1 spot
    and start any of his depth pieces in the superflex spot. Even while starting Colston Loveland, who is totally useless, Jacob put up 146 points. With
    some updates to the roster, I don't see him losing next week to Pitts and Giggles even down a QB.


2. Brett
    With a 2-0 start and a fairly high PPG, things are looking good for LeGibbs. Getting a sub-1-point win over Matt is huge for keeping the odds of a playoff
    berth high. One thing that should be monitored as we move into the later weeks is how Brett's depth holds up. Unlike the other top team, the guys that
    Brett will need to play if there's an injury or bye are not really starting caliber. Wan'Dale Robinson and Terry McLaurin have had disappointing starts
    to their season, so if that continues LeGibbs will have to rely on the backup tight ends to slot in.


===== Deep Playoff Runs ======


3. Theo
    Getting a win and staying 2-0 even after arguably your best player puts up 0 is huge for the season. With the undefeated start, there isn't any major
    reason to move Theo out of the top 3, but it is worth bringing up that the squad is definitely getting hit with the injury bug.
    Apparently Puka Nacua's hip is not making great progress, so I wouldn't expect him to play in the upcoming week, and Jalen Coker hasn't practiced as of
    Thursday. Being down 2 of your starting receivers isn't great, and Theo will be up against the #2 power ranked team, so I would expect that he'll be coming
    out of this upcoming week 2-1.


4. Chandler
    Chandler has had an excellent start to the season, and it doesn't seem like there's any reason for him to slow down. I mentioned
    in the last power rankings that I didn't want to overreact to 1 week, but after another week he's up to 2-0 and is effectively tied for
    highest scorer in the league. Even besides Josh Allen's insane start to the season, having a healthy and fully productive CeeDee Lamb is bound to win some close games. On the RB
    front, Chase Brown gets 70%+ of snaps in every Bengals game, and with Jonathon Brooks sidelined with a core injury, Chuba should be the only real
    option in the backfield for the Panthers. If Caleb Williams comes back soon and starts targeting Odunze more, this is a really dangerous team that
    could be a dark horse for a championship run.


5. Scott
    Scott has had a pretty unlucky start to the season. He has the 6th highest scoring in the league (276.2) over the first 2 weeks, but having the highest
    points against means he hasn't grabbed a win yet. Fortunately for him, next week is a matchup against Purdy Neat, so I'd expect to see him improve to 1-2
    and climb back into contention. Looking at the roster, Scott's gotten unlucky with his kicker, has chosen the wrong TE both weeks, and has a weak spot at the
    QB2 position. With a bit of luck and a turnaround from Rodgers, he is still certainly in contention, but for now an 0-2 start is going to move him down a spot
    in the rankings.


6. Siegel
    This team has performed surprisingly well to start the year, currently ranking #1 overall in the league, and all without Brock Bowers,
    who should be pretty solid this year with Kirk Cousins at QB. Additionally, Goober McGee's bench is deeper than most people would have
    predicted coming into the season. All 3 RBs are performing solidly, and Stefon Diggs has had back-to-back great games, and this is all
    without Josh Jacobs, who should be coming back at some point. Honestly, the expectations for this team weren't very high, but if someone
    were to have made an argument for how they would succeed, it was that the team would minimize losses to start as much as possible and
    hope that once Jacobs and Bowers were healthy they could make a run. Being #1 overall without them is huge for this team's chances
    of making a deep push in the playoffs, so he will be making a big jump in the power rankings.


===== Solid Playoff Teams ======


7. Matt
    An unlucky close loss means that Dig in my Boutte is now 0-2. With that being said, the losses were to really high-scoring teams, so
    for now we'll just keep the same power ranking. Fortunately for Matt, it seems like the injury to Sam Darnold will be short, and even
    though Drew Lock performed well as his substitute, it will be good for the roster to get back to full strength. Matt has an easier schedule
    coming up, so I'd expect to see him bounce back up the standings over the next few weeks. He might want to watch out for his week 3 matchup
    though - it may be a trap game if he's already looking past it.


8. Curran
    Low depth at QB is coming back to bite the Washington Falcons pretty hard. It looks like Jayden Daniels could be out for a while, and if that's the case
    this team loses a lot of its scoring ability. With no other startable QBs to put in the lineup, it looks like Curran is forced to start
    Kyle Monangai, who has averaged less than a 40% snap share over the past 2 games and is only projected for 7.6. Compared to Daniels,
    who projects around 20, Curran is losing 12ish points every week that Daniels is out. On the bright side, Curran still has all of his picks, so
    if he wanted to make a trade to get more immediately valuable starters, it would be possible.




9. Caleb
    Like I mentioned in the first (week 0) power rankings, Pitts and Giggles has some good players, but not enough depth to last
    the season. It seemed like making a deep run was going to require some luck when it came to injuries. Unfortunately,
    that's already off to a rough start. Jaxson Dart is confirmed out for the rest of the season, and it looks likely that
    Zay Flowers is going to miss another game (still undetermined, but he hasn't practiced yet this week). Caleb better hope that Jameis
    Winston comes in strong for the Giants and the rest of his players get back quickly. It also doesn't help that MHJ and Kyle Pitts
    appear to officially be busts, with a collective 6.8 points between them through the first 2 weeks of the season. Looking
    forward to next week, I don't even know who Caleb is going to put in the flex spot with Aaron Jones currently dealing with a knee
    injury.



====== Meh =======


10. Charles
    A brutal and embarrassing loss to GBGs this past weekend is going to move Charles down a spot in the power rankings. The
    games against the bottom tier teams are the ones that the Meh tier teams need to win in order to stay in the playoff hunt
    come the end of the season, so even though this could be chalked up as one unlucky week, it does mean that the team is probably
    going to need an upset or two to get back on track. Fortunately for the Saquon My Balls squad, it seems like the
    injuries to both Saquon Barkley and DJ Moore should be short-lived (although no update has been given for Barkley yet), so if
    the starting roster can all get back quickly he will have more chances to push back up the power rankings.



===== Future Dynasty / Rebuilders =====

11. Nathan
    After another disappointing week, it's starting to look like Nathan might be depending on Derrick Henry to carry the
    team every week if he wants to get some wins. Too many of his starters are solid players on struggling offenses.
    Josh Allen had more points in the first quarter than Tickle My Kittle's entire starting wide receiver corps did over the
    whole weekend (12.9). Guys like Michael Wilson and Quentin Johnston could have the potential to bounce back, as they're
    supposedly premier guys on their respective teams, but it's not looking good.


12. Darren
    Not only are GBGs the only team in the Future Dynasty / Rebuilders crew to have a win, they're one of just
    5 teams left undefeated. The difference between this team and those other 4 teams is that this team has 206.66
    PF (points for) and 161.56 PA (points against) over the first 2 weeks while the other 4 teams average 284.37 PF and
    237.83 PA. In other words, if Darren played an average top 4 team in the league, he should expect to lose by 40. If
    his team continues to win, they will inevitably climb the rankings, but I still don't really trust them enough to
    break out of the bottom 3.

13. Hayden
    Hayden's team had a surprisingly good week, finishing as the biggest outperformer in the league, but just
    couldn't get it done to grab the win. At 0-2, with a 2-0 GBGs team ahead of him in the power rankings, it seems
    unlikely that there will be much movement up or down in these power rankings unless something big happens or
    Tickle My Kittle continues its downward trajectory.

14. Jesse
    Once again, there really isn't much to be said for this team. Fortunately for Jesse, it does look like with the GBGs
    starting out 2-0, they have already eclipsed the number of wins this team should expect to get all season - effectively
    guaranteeing a spot for Jeremiah Smith on Purdy Neat in the upcoming 2027 rookie draft. In all fairness, Purdy Neat did
    put up 119.18 in the most recent week, so maybe there is hope for a couple of victories. Brock Purdy is having a great
    start to the season, and compared to last year Jesse has a reasonably startable player in every starting lineup spot.
