POWER RANKINGS

==== Champions ====

1. Jacob
    Going into the season, Cookie Wookies is clearly the front runner to win the league. In many ways, Jacob's team is the exact opposite of Purdy Neat. He has the oldest team, with the highest projected points over the season,
    and the deepest bench (also having the highest projected points out of any bench) with significant depth in the RB, WR, and TE positions. When his players are healthy, Jacob's team is also the most consistent - with just a 
    0.46 average coefficient of variation (stdev / mean) of his starters' PPG (significantly leading all other teams). With it being almost certain that his team will make the playoffs, Jacob's biggest worries should be injuries 
    to key players like Christian McCaffrey (24 career games missed) and Garrett Wilson or injuries to either of his QBs, requiring him to make a trade or FA pickup to field the spot. He also has to take into account Rashee Rice's 
    off the field issues.


2. Brett
    Last year LeGibbs had a dissapointing playoff run, but with offseason changes there is even more hope for a deep run. Unlike Jacob's team, this team is relatively young at just 27.2 years old on average. On top of having
    Gibbs, Kenneth Walker becoming a clear RB1 on the chiefs is a huge bonus, and Drake London is playing in a completely empty Falcons receiver room, which should get him a lot of targets. The addition of Tee Higgins to the
    lineup makes this team even more of a competitor by rostering another boom potential player each week. Brett does have some depth / quality issues at TE, being forced to choose between Mark Andrews and Dalton Schultz, and 
    there is the concern of the falcons QB situation resulting in a terrible offense for London, but generally this is a really strong team that should expect to make a deep playoff run. 


===== Deep Playoff Runs ======


3. Curran
    Curran has a solid team with real potential to grab his second championship this year. The move to superflex has worked in his favor, as he is able to start two of the highest projected QBs in the league with Jayden Daniels 
    (274.3 season proj) and Dak Prescott (278.7 season proj), not to mention he has the WR1 with Jamarr Chase and is one of just a few teams with full draft capital for the next 3 seasons if he wants to make a big-grab later in the
    season to push for a stronger playoff showing. While his starting running backs are liable for injury, with Skattebo missing 9 games in his rookie year, he does have a deep set of backups, and could reasonably start Pollard, 
    Monangai, or Allgeier if necessary. I'd expect this team to be contending late in the playoffs unless injuries to key players like the QBs or Chase kill the momentum.


4. Scott
    Despite some egregious trade decisions in the history of the King of the Njigbas organization, Scott's team is still actually pretty good. His starting lineup is the 3rd most consistent in the league, with a coefficient of 
    variation at 0.49 (stdev / mean). For a team that has the 5th highest season projected points (1842.6), this is a good thing. One area where Scott struggles in reciever depth, where he has the lowest projected points for a bench receiver
    room by a significant margin at just 95.6 points for all bench receivers combined over the whole season, which is pretty much nothing. This is made up for slightly by having the deepest TE room with Tucker Kraft, Chig Okonkwo, 
    and Pat Freiermuth all buried behind Harold Fannin, but if JSN or Devonta Smith see significant injury trouble, the team will still be in trouble. I'd be surprised to see this team make a real run at the championship, but 
    with enough luck in the injury department, it is definitely possible. 


===== Solid Playoff Teams ======


5. Theo
    With lots of depth at the WR position and two of the most valued assets in fantasy football (Bijan Robinson, Puka Nacua), there is a world where Theo has a great season this year. Unfortunately, there are some challenges he would need to address 
    in order to make that happen. First, it's tough being Cookie Wookie's rivals and having to possibly lose 2 regular season games when there are only 6 playoff spots available. On top of this, there are still a lot of unproven pieces
    in the starting lineup that need to perform at their peak to make a push. If Jalen Coker can continue to get targets in the Panthers offense and if Mahomes returns to his usual form, there could be something there, but otherwise there
    are just too many strong teams to compete against. The Theowgs TE room is also unimpressive relative to most other top competition. Theo's final flex spot is also in question, with a number of players that could perform in a given week, 
    but lack the consistency to be a clear starter. If Theo can pick correctly between Dobbins, Meyers, Downs, etc. week over week or find a 2+ for 1 trade it could improve his stock.


6. Matt
    Matt has a strong starting lineup without many weak points. While only ranking 6th in starter points projected (1797.1) and 6th in bench points projected (845.5), there are reasonably startable bench players available for RB,
    WR, and TE, which is rare on any lineup. On top of that, his starting receivers all have a good chance at improving over last year, with Nico Collins primed for a huge target share and Ladd getting a new CO and hopefully shaking his
    sophomore slump, there is a good chance Matt could make a push to the championship and be a potential dark horse. With Burrow missing 9 games in 2025 and 17 total in his 6 year career, he is the question mark for the roster. If he gets
    hurt again this year, it puts a lot of pressure on the team and there is no backup to slot in without dropping the QB in the superflex spot.


7. Caleb
    Pitts and Giggles is in an interesting spot with a season long projection putting them as the 3rd highest scoring team in the league, but in most other categories Caleb's team appears with the rebuilders / future dynasty organizations. He 
    has the second youngest team behind Darren at 24.4 years on average for starters, and he has a notably weak bench that is projected 3rd least over the season (559.0) with no QB depth, pretty much no startable RB or TE depth. His starting players 
    PPG also have the 6th highest average coefficient of variation (0.56), meaning he can't rely on consistent scoring week over week. Yes, the starting roster is strong, but injuries / slumps for either of the QBs or RBs could be a season ender. 
    Marvin Harrison Jr and Kyle Pitts have terrible quarterback situations, and if they have another bad year I don't see how this team can make a playoff push work. It is worth mentioning that Caleb still has plenty of his picks for the next 3 
    years, so if injuries occur deep in the season, there may be trade options available to keep things afloat.


8. Chandler
    With some strong areas and some weak spots, Chandler's team is right in the middle of the league. It would be surprising to see this team finishing in the bottom few slots while being equally surprising to see a championship run.
    Realistically, the best case scenario is squeaking into the 6 team playoff and getting a few lucky wins in a row against favored teams. Some factors favor a lucky deep run: having Hayden as a rival and effectively getting 2 easy 
    wins in the regular season could be huge, and the current starting roster has the highest coefficient of variation outside of Purdy Neat at 0.62, mainly driven by QB2 Malik Willis, who we could see getting benched at some point for 
    a more consistent but probably lower ceiling option in Daniel Jones. A high level of variability in a roster can be seen as a bad thing, but when a roster has virtually no depth at WR after first rounder Travis Hunter has pivoted to 
    mainly a DB, and is projected to score in the 8th/9th range over a season, then variability becomes an asset necessary for having a surprising weekend against tougher competition. With that being said, Chandler does have some real 
    bright spots at certain position groups. Josh Allen is a top tier QB1, Chase Brown gets effectively all of the carries for the Bengals, and CeeDee Lamb was just as recently as 2 years ago seen as a possible WR1. If Jaylen Waddle ends up
    becoming a major factor in Denver and Rome Odunze has a solid year, this team could end up working out surprisingly well.


====== Meh =======


9. Nathan
    There might be a bit of championship hangover from the third oldest team in the league (avg. age of starters: 28.0). Tickle my Kittle made an improbable run last year to get the trophy, and has made some moves in the offseason to 
    try to reduce player age - Tee Higgins to Brett for Quentin Johnston + Picks / Rico Dowdle to Charles for Michael Wilson - but it may be too little to really rejuvenate things. With no first round picks until 2029 and an older starting
    roster that is projected to finish 8th place in the league, it may be time to start selling off pieces in an attempted rebuild. Conversely, Nathan still has Derrick Henry and a strong supporting cast of other starters (namely Bo Nix and
    AJ Brown), so maybe there's a chance a second miracle run could take place. Realistically, I think the best Nathan can hope for is to get into the playoffs and hope other teams deal with injury / suspension issues.


10. Charles
    Charles may be in a rough spot. Tied with Cookie Wookies for the oldest starting roster in the league (28.8), he needs to make a push to win now, but he might need more help to make that happen. Although he has a fairly 
    strong starting lineup, he lacks depth at RB, with the lowest projected bench score for the position in the entire league (79.8). When combined with just 2027 2nd and 4th round picks, he needs Saquon Barkley and Javonte 
    Williams to stay healthy if he wants to win games. Where he lacks depth at RB he does make up with in QB depth (having 3 startable options) and WR depth, with the highest projected points from wide receivers on the bench
    in the league (581.9). Charles needs another TE1 season out of Trey McBride and a breakout season with DJ Moore in an open WR room if he wants a chance to make a push in the playoffs. If Charles can hold on for the first 
    half of the season until Charbonnet returns, he may have a real shot.


11. Siegel
    Goober McGee is in a a middle ground between the rebuilding squads and the rest of the league. The good news is that Justin has by far the deepest set of runningbacks in the league with his recent trade to acquire Josh Jacobs - sitting 
    at 506.3 projected RB bench points, over doubling the league average of 225.1 and sitting nearly 200 points higher than the second deepest bench at the position. Of course this is because he is unable to start Josh Jacobs, which is where 
    the bad news begins. With Jacobs in legal trouble, he has to decide in starting 2 of: TreVeyon Henderson, with the third highest coefficient of variation of all starting RBs in the league (0.77), Jadarian Price, a rookie that didn't even start
    in college, and Jacory Croskey-Merritt, with by far the most variance of any league RB starter at 0.88 and an uncertain snap percentage after the Commanders add Rachaad White to the committee. This means that Justin's current roster really could go 
    any way at that position and I would not be surprised if this team dropped a game to one of the bottom dweller rebuilder teams. With all the depth at RB along with rostering 4 QBs, there is a tradeoff in depth at the WR and TE positions, with 
    201.2 bench receiver season projected points slotting in third to lowest in the league, and not any backup tightends on the roster. It seems like the bright spot is supposed to be the running back room, but even that isn't going 
    well, so I can't imagine this team performing consistently throughout the year. A stretch goal would probably be getting a few lucky game wins and finding a spot in the very bottom of the playoffs where anything could happen.


===== Future Dynasty / Rebuilders =====

12. Darren 
    GBGs are in full rebuild, and really have no chance of succeeding this season. Regardless of the high likelihood of poor management driving this team into the ground, the fact is that the current lineup just won't be able
    to consistently produce strong results. While Darren does have some high-ceiling players like Malik Nabers, Judkins, and Hurts, his team has the second highest coefficient of variation for starting player PPG (0.62 - tied with
    Chandler), so we can expect a pretty boom or bust roster week to week. This means he may end up getting a few wins this season, especially if Nabers is playing at his pre-injury level, but probably not enough to find himself in the 
    playoffs. Along with Darren's struggles with low IQ and lack of ball knowledge, his team also struggles with depth, and has the third lowest bench projections in the running back position despite rostering 4 of them. I'd expect GBGs 
    to take care of Purdy Neat week 1, but the struggles will start soon after.


13. Hayden
    Realistically Hayden's team is a low-floor, low-ceiling team. With a weak running back room consisting pretty much singularly of Omarion Hampton, and the second lowest bench depth (520.4 points / season), it's unlikely any sort
    of run could be made. His best bet for a good weekend probably involves his Kyler Murray / Justin Jefferson stack going for a couple of touchdowns. One area where Hayden has clear strengths in in young quarterback depth. Drafting 
    3 of the 4 first round rookie quarterbacks in the last 2 years means that he could eventually have more players to build a team around. Unfortunately, he's missing his first round pick in a season where his team will probably produce 
    a strong draft pick, so it's going to be a tough road to dynasty relevance.


14. Jesse
    Statistically, Purdy Neat is the worst team in nearly every category. Jesse has holes at QB, with only 1 starting and 0 future points projected for all bench QBs. He is struggling here 
    after trading away a first + third round pick for 9 just for him to barely make the roster and for Jesse to start Malik Washington in the superflex spot. Jesse also has the weakest tight end room, with the lowest projected
    points for a starting tight end in Theo Johnson, as well as the second lowest projected points for tight ends sitting on the bench. One thing to watch out for is that he has the third youngest team, with the youngest 
    bench in the league at 23.9 years old. When combined with his 4 first round picks next year, he will have a good chance at finding a big future player that he can build around. For this year, it's pretty doubtful he'll finish
    outside of the bottom 3, and he might be an outright favorite against the field to have the first pick in the 2027 rookie draft.
